Hello everyone and welcome to this election.
I'm super excited to walk you through these solutions for the Sings.
You know it's going to be lots of fun.
I hope you guys were able to figure it out a couple of questions here.
If not that's fine.
Don't worry.
We're going to walk you through all of it and it should be creative for you.
OK let's get started.
So OK let's assume that we wanted to first start with you know question one.
What went wrong.
Fix the issue and indicate what does this code do.
OK so here I defined it simply mainly kismet.
Gail looks good age equal 26 and then full time employee.
It's kind of toward FOX.
OK.
Again this is kind of you know covered under booleans we haven't covered booleans yet.
This is simply showing you know true which is you know like like a deserved word with Python they're
just telling you okay this full time he's a full time employee.
Yes.
True.
So we'll call it like you know in digital logic controls.
It's kind of one that means yes.
OK.
The other way is will quote FOX which means zero.
That means you know not his not a full time employee.
When we say Fox OK it he's kind of reserved words.
The what about it.
You know that won't affect the solution here.
If we actually try to print simply and run that's if we're done this you'll see that there is you know
telling you name name is not defined the name upper case is actually not define obviously that should
be strictly truth for the world.
So what I need to do I just need to come here.
Copy.
So I get a copy control V paste of what I want to just keep the exact same question here.
I wanted to comment that I mean this one I'm going to be executed.
Now I can do whatever I want here.
Just edit the elements so here have name simply that name does it match this.
Why.
Because the naming convention is just different these have two different strings because he'd have one
up rickie's if I do this and make a lower case then this will exactly mesh.
This looks good.
Second one let's assume they're going to run it again then.
Well you know we fixed the name but we came up with another problem.
The other problem is age.
Name age is not defined.
Why.
Because it is upper case here.
A lower case.
Let's change that to make up a case and let's run it if you're on it then you're okay.
Well something is again came up wrong as full time employee is not defined.
Now I have this has full upper case.
So you're going to bring this upper case.
And time is fine and an employee uppercase.
But this is lower case.
Let's make this upper case looks good for around it.
Then you going to come up with the basically the explications March 26 too.
So he's basically is name is Mitch.
He's 26 years old.
He is a true full time employee within the company.
That's.
All right the next question is I am asking you to simply
go ahead and tell me what went wrong and fix the error.
Okay so try to simply fix the error and get X minus Y which is simply the difference between the two.
So if you tried to run this code you come up with unsupported and up or Parin type.
Okay which is I think an integer.
Basically what you did here is that you define X as 20 and then you define y as for.
And then you want it subjected to let's create a couple of cells here and let's see.
You know if I wanted to get for example of the type of x What does X look like.
If I get it for do this then only actually exit a string which makes sense because I defined it as doubles
court right.
What about type of y.
If I wrote down that you can well the why is equal to 40 that means it's an integer.
What I'm trying to do here in time to subtract X minus Y and one of subject is string minus an integer.
That doesn't work.
I need to convert to do the mathematical operation I need to simply do the converting this string into
a integer.
To do that I can use CAS basic use apply.
I n t integer of x.
Let's set the an of converted basically in the X drink into an integer and then subtracted minus y.
If right done that you would come up with 16.
Perfect.
That's exactly what I was expecting.
OK.
Looks great.
So now you know how can you convert from a string into a into an integer.
OK and actually perform the actual operation.
All right.
OK.
The next question they have here is write a code that picks an input from a user splits it into words
and then print them on the screen.
Print all the words on the screen.
All right.
Let's take a look.
So first step is I'm going to ask the users how is your day going.
In order to do that.
OK.
What I could do.
They can ask me basically from the use of conduit input.
All right.
And they're going to say Okay how's your day going.
It's actually copied from here.
You cop it.
Put it there.
So asking the user how how's your day going.
OK looks great and what I'm going to do basically whatever they are using and entered here I'm going
to put that into my string.
All right.
That will be the first time that nathaniel k. was how the days go.
How is your day going.
Okay I say okay.
My day my day is my day.
Sorry is going great.
Great.
And that then only if you check my string.
If you go here.
And if you run it you'll come up with my day is going great.
Great I to check let's see the tape saying there's the okay tape and open.
For this you'll come up with this ashesi think okay which had a script.
So the question is how can you split the input into words and print them on the screen.
How can you do that.
You know Division kind of thing.
How can you split it to split up what you could do it again use the split method to actually split the
sentence into words what it could do the same key.
My underscored a string which is simply very very heavy and I play a method called splits again.
They say a dot splits and open parentheses that will basically divided into different words and the
words we're going to come back as a form of enlist.
If I could do that and say okay my for example my words equals to my string split that basically apply
the split function swots split method on my string to come up with a list of words for I that nothing
happened which is good.
You know that means the b c the cell has been executed.
If I wanted to check what's in my words here.
If I had it then you'd come up with my day is going great which just perfect.
Let's take a look at what the datatype What did that did a type of this same type.
And if I say my words if I run it you come up with a list that means it's actually lists of words as
you can see.
All right.
OK.
So what I wanted to do they wanted to print on the screen.
Okay here is for example the list of words you entered.
Let's take a look sort of could you get the okay print all right.
An open parentheses and what it could do is say okay here are the lists of words of words.
You enter words.
And you can pass along simply the my score words.
OK.
If I read it that's we're going to get here is a list of words you entered.
And you come up with basically all the words you have got on it.
That's pretty much what you what I expect you to do in this exercise.
All right let's take one more example.
So question for I'm asking try to call the set and perform a use that converted to uppercase and printed
on this.
That should be pretty easy.
So I'm going to do he is going to say okay I'm going to find input.
For example you can call whatever inputs string and are going to use that again the input.
And let's for example like as the user to let's say enter into a sentence for example whatever into
a sentence.
Right.
So you looking into something where they're going to be entering here again come back as an input string
and then say okay I'm going to take whatever the input that they use that will begin to feed to the
computer and they say okay I play up a method.
You as a member of upper K and that should determine my output string.
All again you can call it whatever.
So simply you took whatever input you make it up a case and that would be my output string.
Then I can take it and print that on the screen in the saiki Print.
And I'm going to pass along my out underscored string.
Aha.
Let's run that into a sentence.
Hello.
Hello world.
And if I had that then I would come up with Hello where uppercase looks great.
That's exactly what we were expecting to do.
All right.
Okay let's take again one more one more exercise and then we'll going to take kind of a break.
You know end the lecture and then I'm going to continue along to finish the exercise in moving forward.
So question 5 I'm asking you too radical that from a user requesting his or her email and then next
check the youzhny.
Alright so I'll get into your email address.
You're going to come up with whatever email they want I want you to do is just simply take Ryan up ammad
for the memory from that e-mail or whatever email they're using an end to it.
Take a look.
So again to feed data from using their CV use the input and then going to as the user to enter your
e-mail.
Adults are gay so.
These an end to value anything that value put it in an input for exemplars drink or whatever value and
be the finding.
Right.
We are going.
We wanted to expect the user name which means I wanted to use the split method along with the ad here
to simply split the user name separately from the email that come out.
We have done that before in the concepts kind of lecture.
He will going to do it again.
I'm going to say okay out underscored his teaching.
Would be equals to take my input string that we have here which is inputs on discords string.
And what I'm going to do here in a c dart's splits which is my method.
But I wanted to split on an at on the set.
OK.
Which is what we have here for the email.
Right.
OK.
But please don't forget these single quotes.
You can.
Oh my apologies.
Here is a Guinness.
See at.
And that's we're going to be splitting basically the e-mail on the air.
All right.
And that we're going to determine the output string.
We're going to be my kind of list.
All right.
And let's actually let let's run it let's see what's going to happen.
So I'm going to say okay enthrone emails are going to enter whatever e-mail for example Mitch.
Steve for example g mail dot com if they do this bad thing happened which is good.
That means no error.
But if I wanted to go ahead and view what's outstanding if I'm that then you would come up simply with
a list right Mitch.
That's Steve on separate from the email separate as well.
What I'm asking you to do is to print on the screen or text check the user name on.
And unkillable Jima Vulcan or what any did this key to do that you can say okay print.
All right.
And I need my out underscore string.
But Amy the first element only if you get it remember this is a list.
And it wanted to access or to access the first element only which is in index is actually 0 again in
Python form as with lists.
We the index zero in the case the first element index 1 indicates the second element.
And that then you'd come up with Steve which is exactly what we were expecting.
All right.
And that's pretty much all we have for this section.
I hope you've enjoyed it and see you in the next election.